so it feels like Brexit is gone a bit
mad and there's less than five months to
go and no one really knows where it all
might end up Theresa May said ministers
had signed off the deal for the UK to
leave the EU the collective decision of
cabinet was that the government should
agree the draft withdrawal agreement and
the outline political declaration but
the next morning it was a different
story
the brexit secretary Dominic Raab has
resigned the man in charge of the brexit
talks said he wasn't up for that job
anymore because he didn't believe in
what had been agreed I think she needs a
Brexit secretary that will pursue the
deal that she wants to put to the country
with conviction I don't feel I can do
that in good conscience yep that was the
man who was supposed to be in charge of
brexit who's walked away and he's the
second one to quit that job not great
some more big names and some junior
ministers resigned as well Theresa May
had to go to Parliament to try to
convince MPs that the deal was the right
one and that they should back it once a
final deal is agreed I will bring it to
Parliament and I will ask MPs to
consider the national interest and give
it their backing, but getting MPs on board
is going to be the hardest part of this
process and at the moment it's looking
like no-one from any party is happy with
it
the government must now withdraw this
half-baked deal which is clear does not
have the backing of the cabinet this
Parliament or the country as a whole and
it's looking pretty rocky for the PM herself too
as what my right honourable friend
says and what my right honourable friend
does no longer match should I not write
to my right honourable friend the member
for Altrincham and Sale west
he means this guy Graham Brady who's in
charge of conservative MPs in Parliament
they can write to him saying they want a
different leader and so guess what
happened next
no of course it isn't it's
using the proper procedures of the
Conservative Party what we need is a
leader who will say to the European
Union it is impossible to divide up the
United Kingdom 48 letters in total and
there has to be a vote on whether to
either mate should still be the one in
charge
I believe with every fiber of my being
that the course I have set out is the
right one for our country and all our
people am I going to see this through
yes but even if the Prime Minister stays
it's not clear how any kind of brexit
deal let alone the one she's pushing
could get enough support in Westminster
to make it out alive
you